Docs update - Link to https://containers.dev/guide/dockerfile (#298)
devcontainers/images: src/anaconda/README.md

- `mcr.microsoft.com/devcontainers/anaconda`

> Refer to [the guidance](https://containers.dev/guide/dockerfile) for more details.

Reviewer: This might sound more natural?

```suggestion
Refer to [this guide](https://containers.dev/guide/dockerfile) for more details.
```
